c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v15.1.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.1.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.1.xml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.xml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.xml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.licenses
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\Register.g.cs
